Just how vicious is this Jiǎng Sī Sī
To use such tactics
To sabotage our relationship
So what are you going to do?
Doesn’t she want to marry into a wealthy family?
Then I’ll give her a
Super elite family
Good
If that’s settled
Now I’m asking you
Why did you reject my proposal?
Actually, I’ve been telling you
I’ve thought about it a lot
I think
Instead of sitting there drinking alone
Letting others take advantage
I’d rather ask you directly
Why did you reject me?
Then why didn’t you ask
Who the man in the photos is?
I trust our
Years of feelings
No third party can come between us
So why did you reject me?
Because I’m not good enough?
You’re great
But
Can you trust me?
Once I deal with Jiǎng Sī Sī
I’ll definitely give you
A satisfactory answer
Alright
But don’t make me wait too long
Or else
I’ll drag the civil affairs bureau here
And make you sign and stamp it
Stamp it